[docs] update schemeBuildConfiguration docs (#12082)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-json.md

- `extends` specifies name of build profile that current profile inherits values from.
- `credentialsSource` defines the source of credentials for this build profile. If you want to provide your own `credentials.json` file, set this to `local` ([learn more on this here](/app-signing/local-credentials.md)). If you want to use the credentials EAS already has stored for you, choose `remote`. If you're not sure what to do, choose `auto` (this is the default option).
- `scheme` defines the Xcode project's scheme to build. You should set it if your project has multiple schemes. Please note that if the project has only one scheme, it will automatically be detected. However, if multiple schemes exist and this value is **not** set, EAS CLI will prompt you to select one of them.

> - `schemeBuildConfiguration` is the configuration to use when building the app. When set to `Release` or `Debug`, overrides the native project configuration. When set to `Auto`, uses the value set in the scheme. Defaults to `Release` thus overrides the native project configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `schemeBuildConfiguration` is the configuration to use when building the app. When set to `Release` or `Debug`, the native project configuration is overridden with the corresponding value. When set to `Auto`, the value set in the scheme is used. Defaults to `Release`, overriding the native project configuration.
```
